# Hypertext Transfer Protocol -- HTTP/1.1

## 1.3 Terminology

### server
    An application program that accepts connections in order to
    service requests by sending back responses. Any given program may
    be capable of being both a client and a server; our use of these
    terms refers only to the role being performed by the program for a
    particular connection, rather than to the program's capabilities
    in general. Likewise, any server may act as an origin server,
    proxy, gateway, or tunnel, switching behavior based on the nature
    of each request.

### origin server
    The server on which a given resource resides or is to be created.

### proxy
    An intermediary program which acts as both a server and a client
    for the purpose of making requests on behalf of other clients.
    Requests are serviced internally or by passing them on, with
    possible translation, to other servers. A proxy MUST implement
    both the client and server requirements of this specification. A
    "transparent proxy" is a proxy that does not modify the request or
    response beyond what is required for proxy authentication and
    identification. A "non-transparent proxy" is a proxy that modifies
    the request or response in order to provide some added service to
    the user agent, such as group annotation services, media type
    transformation, protocol reduction, or anonymity filtering. Except
    where either transparent or non-transparent behavior is explicitly
    stated, the HTTP proxy requirements apply to both types of
    proxies.

### gateway
    A server which acts as an intermediary for some other server.
    Unlike a proxy, a gateway receives requests as if it were the
    origin server for the requested resource; the requesting client
    may not be aware that it is communicating with a gateway.

### tunnel
    An intermediary program which is acting as a blind relay between
    two connections. Once active, a tunnel is not considered a party
    to the HTTP communication, though the tunnel may have been
    initiated by an HTTP request. The tunnel ceases to exist when both
    ends of the relayed connections are closed.


```
DONE, thanks to RFC.
```
